PGD quickstart & install (#3719)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/5/quick_start_docker.mdx

You'll need at least 5GB of free storage (accessible by Docker) to deploy the cluster described by this example. A bit more is probably wise.

### Docker Engine

We'll be using Docker containers as the target platform for this PGD deployment, so you should have Docker installed and configured. We recommend using [the convenience script](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/debian/#install-using-the-convenience-script) available at https://get.docker.com:

```shell
curl -1sLf https://get.docker.com | sudo -E bash
```

!!! Important Running as a non-root user
    Be sure to add your user to the Docker group once installed:

    ```shell
    sudo usermod -aG docker <username>
    newgrp docker
    ```

### EDB subscription

You'll need an EDB subscription in order to install TPA *and* in order to deploy PGD. 

[Sign up for a free EDB account](https://www.enterprisedb.com/accounts/register) if you don't already have one - this will give you a trial subscription to EDB's software repositories. 

Once you have registered, or if you are already registered, go to the [EDB Repos 2.0](https://www.enterprisedb.com/repos-downloads) page where you can obtain your "repo token". 

> On your first visit to this page you'll have to select **Request Access** to generate your "repo token". Click to copy button to take a copy of the token and store it safely. You'll need this to install TPA and PGD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On your first visit to this page you'll have to select **Request Access** to generate your "repo token". Select the Copy Token icon to make a copy of the token. Store the token safely. You'll need this to install TPA and PGD.
```
